I think remainder Ronnie and we have
these long legs for a reason it made to
be used and we're not forced in you know
legs anymore the marathon news 26 miles
385 yards or forty two point two
kilometers it's the perfect distance to
truly test the human physiology
basically because of the amount of sugar
we can have in our tanks to make it a
great event or a disaster
when I cross the finish line absolutely
nothing left
I was completely shot and done you
triumph over the adversity that's what
the marathon is all about and therefore
you know there isn't anything in life
that you can't triumph over after that
I decided to take by the time I think I
felt the need you know it's the the
decision he didn't leave I felt like I
really remember him
I can do this this is my first marathon
the reason I started running was that I
had gotten so you really had a shape by
the time my marriage came to an end I
guess I just decided that it was time to
do something to get back to the person
that I used to be people ask me why I
run marathons I wanted for the t-shirt
and I said what do you mean and I said
because that's my very subtle way about
saying hey I did something that I feel
that most people can't do
this is like a job I love my job I need
to
I hadn't really reached a point in my
life where I didn't think that I could
ever be happy again and this has really
given me such a positive outlook I think
I can pretty much do anything
you know the Superdome it smiles and
mass is 10 6 miles it's not too late
you give a sense of kinship with these
away fries you running in their
footprints
basically because it's really fun
I'll make sure that side of this 26.2
miles a lot of things can happen people
talked about the winners hi
the only runner's high that I really
felt is when I stopped running
when you cross that finish line no
matter how slow them are how fast it
will change your life forever
you